README.md, before:

# SilverStripe Elemental Accordion Block

Additional elements for the [SilverStripe Elemental](https://github.com/dnadesign/silverstripe-elemental) module.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/badges/build.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/build-status/master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion)

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion)


## Requirements

* SilverStripe ^4.0
* SilverStripe Elemental ^2.0

## Installation

`composer require dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion`

## Usage

Elemental Accordion Block will add the following Element to your site:

* Accordion (collapsable panels)

## Getting more elements

See [Elemental modules by Dynamic](https://github.com/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-blocks#included-blocks)

## Configuration

See [SilverStripe Elemental Configuration](https://github.com/dnadesign/silverstripe-elemental#configuration)

Commit message:

updated Readme to have screen shots

README.md, after:

# SilverStripe Elemental Accordion Block

A block that displays content in collapsable panels.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/badges/build.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/build-status/master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion)

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion)


## Requirements

* SilverStripe ^4.0
* SilverStripe Elemental ^2.0

## Installation

`composer require dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-accordion`

## Usage

A block that allows you to create collaspible content blocks. 

## Screen Shots

#### Front End sample of an Accordion
![Front End sample of an Accordion](./readme-images/accordion-sample.jpg)

#### CMS - Accordion Main Tab
![Accordion Main Tab](./readme-images/accordion-cms-block.jpg)

#### CMS - Accordion Panel List
![CMS - Accordion Panel List](./readme-images/accordion-cms-list.jpg)

#### CMS - Accordion Panel Edit
![CMS - Accordion Panel Edit](./readme-images/accordion-cms-panel.jpg)


## Getting more elements

See [Elemental modules by Dynamic](https://github.com/dynamic/silverstripe-elemental-blocks#included-blocks)

## Configuration

See [SilverStripe Elemental Configuration](https://github.com/dnadesign/silverstripe-elemental#configuration)
